right what is up youtubers Okami here
and i got a video for you so first
things first i picked up fable
anniversary the other day and when i got
into the game it started becoming choppy
you know it largely unplayable but to
put it at that a lot of people have been
having problems with the control schemes
as well
not being able to remap them to other
places i just recommend using a gamepad
and save yourself the trouble and the
anguish of playing it with keyboard and
mouse so first things first if you want
to fix the stuttering in your game go
down to properties after you right-click
local files browse local files you're
going to go into Wellington game fable
data build just click in data here and
go down to engine cache clear both the
items that are in the cache exit out of
here and verify the integrity of the
game cache what this is going to do is
it's going to redownload both of those
cache or your cachet items that you just
deleted now you might be saying well
what the hell is the point of doing that
man if you just delete them and then
redownload them well sometimes what it
does is it puts the excess logs of your
cache data into those two files and
Sutton and when they get full it
basically just exchanges them out so
this gives you a fresh rebuild of a of
your fable anniversary cache so once
this is done downloading I'll show you
guys you know once you get once you get
this done we'll get back into the game
and I'll show you how it fixed it so um
something that something that really
bugged me though is that when I when I
actually got the game I was really
excited about it I was like man you know
I heard about it coming out on the
xbox360
it's been out for a while now but when I
heard it was finally coming to PC I
immediately pre-ordered it and then I
got the game and I was like man what
what the hell why is it so choppy like
this you know and I just ruined the
initial experience and the excitement
was
just killed so after this is done we'll
go straight into the game after it
downloads those two files which it did
and let's get right to it okay so we are
back with fable anniversary and let's
hope that it fixed our little problem
that we had going on man this game is
seriously a nostalgic it's everything
about is just so it's such a good game
okay as far as options go options are
largely unchanged you know I'm planning
on a high-end PC and I still got
stuttering but make sure your vsync is
on that will help fix it so I'm gonna
load up Oakville
I like the new loading screens there
they're pretty nifty something that
you're going to notice right off the bat
is the choppiness
you see how see how it skips like that I
don't know why I think it's just
Oakville
it's it's it's so irritating
I think it's just Oakville that ends up
actually breaking it so but after you
get out of Oakville the other places
we're stuttering too but after you clear
your cache here my little gang go out
whoops me change my man well which which
one was it uh say twas this guy okay
here we go
I mean loaded up hero's guild
you'll be sharing this room with whisper
it's time to wake up
I think some of the reason why it's
actually messing up and bugging and
stuff like that funk do is mostly just
because of the fact that they reported
this game to the Unreal Engine I'm not
sure if it was actually using Unreal
Engine before but it is now and you'll
notice right off the bat when I start
stepping outside and walking around no
choppiness no drops in framerate but
before you did this the fix it would
chop just like it wouldn't okay oh so
guys I'm just telling you just don't get
discouraged with VOC Vale just give it
time and I'm sure they'll release an
update or a patch that will actually fix
it so alright guys have fun with a fable
anniversary and if you like this video
feel free to like comment subscribe
I'm also on patreon thanks guys